okay following on from my videos of the
gtx 680 sli syrup that I'm running with
all the different benchmarks and
gameplay videos that I've been uploading
i keep getting some feedback from people
asking me what those elder scrolls 5
skyrim run like so i'm going to try and
quickly show what it looks like so first
of all you can't set a wide screen in
the actual game options but in the any
file which is skyrim pref any i can see
you can see here that i've set the eye
size height as 1080 and the essays were
that 6110 so 6110 obviously the reason
being is I'm across three monitors so
let me close that down if I start Skyrim
and show you options you can see here no
resolution because obviously I've set
manually highest anti-aliasing highest
filtering advanced is said to that all
the highest options including FX a as
enabled view distance is all maxed out
and object details ultra and not fade so
what I'm gonna do is I'm going to just
let the intro all run on the egg on the
game kind of move the mouse around etc
and show you the frame rates as it's
happening so just load up first not the
menus haven't been optimized at all for
for a widescreen a triple monitor
surround setup as you can see so and
also that it seems to be some kind of
vsync as well in this game like I said I
haven't played it so I don't really know
yet what the story is but it always
seems to be locked at sixty you can see
in the top right a top left-hand corner
here so I'm going to start a new game
and just gonna sit back for a second
you can see as it starts
pretty much locked at 60 have you drop
in a little bit
we can move the mouse around
still locked at 60 friends
save us us and that deep over there
stormcloaks Skyrim was fine until Empire
was nice still up at six days
God where are they taking us some moving
the mouse around phil laak of six days
dropping a few frames now
55 as we go through the kind of village
area 57
why
still locked at 60 you can see as we go
through actually dropping a little bit
it has been an honor
are you
okay that's it I think I'll leave it
there so again you can still see 60
frames per second gtx 680 s and xlite
SLI across three monitors thanks for
watching